Add log_level config option (#773)
appsignal/appsignal-ruby: .changesets/add-log_level-config-option.md

---
bump: "patch"
type: "add"
---

> Add "log_level" config option.
> 
> This new option allows you to define the kind of messages AppSignal's will log.
> 
> The allowed values are:
> - error
> - warning
> - info
> - debug
> - trace
> 
> The default value is: "info"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add "log_level" config option. This new option allows you to select the type of messages AppSignal's logger will log and up. The "debug" option will log all "debug", "info", "warning" and "error" log messages.  The default value is: "info"

The allowed values are:
- error
- warning
- info
- debug
- trace
```
